University Priority Planner
===========================

This is a Python tool which generates priority lists for modules with multiple session alternatives.
A possible use case is the registration for university modules where you need to specify different priorities for the available dates. However, it should be usable for all schedule plannings where you need to set priorities for different time frame alternatives.

The results generated by the tool were quite good during tests; however, you should always manually review them before submitting them anywhere.

The tool does not provide a good user interface yet; it provides all the necessary features but not more. If you do a typing mistake, you may need to repeat all your inputs. All interaction is over a cli. A better interface (maybe even a gui) is planned for the future. Feel free to contribute yourself.

Usage
-----

First, you need to create a configuration file containing all options available. To do this, launch the program (by running main.py) and type *c* to create the configuration. This will ask you for the settings (intended time between two events, number of priorities to calculate) and afterwards give you the possibility to add you modules with their sessions.
If you have multiple events in a module (i.e. lectures and practices at the university), create a seperate module for each of them.

After you have created the configuration file, start the program again and type *l* to load the previously created configuration. After you have entered the name of the configuration file, the calculation will begin.

Depending on the number of possibilities, the execution of the script can take some time; a lot of possibilities can take some hours. When you want to calculate all priorties of your university schedule (and not e.g. only the first 3), the execution can take many hours.

How the calculation is done
---------------------------

The program first iterates through all possible combinations of sessions and rates them depending on the collisions that would occur.
Afterwards, it iterates through all possible combinations of priorities. The program generates the rating for each priority combination depending on the ratings of the underlying combinations, where each of them affects the overall rating depending on the likeliness that this priorities will be chosen.

Requirements
------------

* Python 3
  * itertools
  * json
  * math
  * sqlite3
* huge amount of ram depending on different possibilities (average university time schedule needs ~500MB of RAM)


License
-------

Copyright 2015 Pascal Wichmann

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


----------------------------

Scripts and documentation written by Pascal Wichmann, copyright (c) 2015
